Part 1

This app is can be used to analyze the crab dataset originally contained in the R library MASS.

This data frame contains the following columns:

"sp", which means species--"B" or "O" for blue or orange.
"sex", as it says, the gender, Male or Female
"FL", which means frontal lobe size (mm)
"RW", which means rear width (mm)
"CL", which means carapace length (mm)
"CW", which means carapace width (mm)
"BD", which means body depth (mm)

The first tab shows the data, allowing the user to filter according to sex or species, being able to watch only one subgroup or both.

The second tab shows an interactive scatter plot, where the user can decide which variables to compare. It also allows the user to specify the discriminating color, sex or species. This last part is useful for the next problem, if we wanted to classify a crab based on a couple measures, with this plot we know that for either sex or species we will have two clearly different populations.

Part 2

This app is can be used to analyze the air-quality dataset Air quality datasets come bundled with R. They contain data about the New York Air Quality Measurements of 1973 for five months from May to September recorded daily.

This data frame contains the following columns:

Ozone: Mean ozone in parts per billion from 1300 to 1500 hours at Roosevelt Island
Solar.R: Solar radiation in Langleys in the frequency band 4000--7700 Angstroms from 0800 to 1200 hours at Central Park
Wind: Average wind speed in miles per hour at 0700 and 1000 hours at LaGuardia Airport
Temp: Maximum daily temperature in degrees Fahrenheit at La Guardia Airport.
The first tab shows the data, allowing the user to filter according to month, then you can see the rest of the values of the remaining variables.

The second tab shows an interactive scatter plot, where the user can decide which variables to compare. It also allows the user to specify the discriminating color by month . And then you can explore the relationship between 2 variables which you have intrests. Specially, consideing the concentration of Ozone, is the concentration of ozone influenced by other factors



